Dev (#48)
blackflux/lambda-cfn-hook: README.md

module.exports.hook = wrap((event, context) => {
  // do stuff here
}, {/* options */});

```

and attach the `hook` function to a [custom resource](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/template-custom-resources.html) as a Lambda function in CloudFormation.

## Options

> * `silent` _boolean_: Default `false`. If `true`, then callback failure does not throw error

Author: ```suggestion
* `silent` _boolean_: Default `false`. If `true`, then response not sent for invalid events
```
Maybe something more specific? The function can still throw if the `submit` fails on the request

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `silent` _boolean_: Default `false`. If set to `true`, then no error is thrown if an event is received that isn't originating from a custom resource life-cycle lambda hook. Useful if the lambda handler is multi purpose.
```
